Philippians 1:6 He who began a good work in you will carry it to completion.
Genesis 50:20 What the enemy intended for evil, God intended for good.
Philippians 4:6 Do not be anxious about anything but in everything by prayer and petition
present your requests to God and the peace of God that transcends all understanding will guard
your heart and your mind in Christ Jesus.
Philippians 4:13 I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me.
Romans 8:31 If God is for me, who can be against me?
Romans 8:35 Nothing can separate me from the love of Christ.
Luke 2:52 May you grow in wisdom, stature and in favor with God and with man.
Habakkuk 2:14 For the earth will be filled with the knowledge of the glory of the Lord as the
waters cover the sea.
2 Corinthians 9:8 And God is able to bless you abundantly so that in all things at all times,
having all that you need you will abound in every good work.
Philippians 4:7 And the peace of God which passes all understanding shall keep your hearts and
minds through Christ Jesus.
Psalm 121:1 I lift my eyes up to the mountains, where does my help come from? My help comes
from the Lord, maker of heaven and earth.
Romans 1:16 I am not ashamed of the gospel for it is the power of God for salvation to everyone
who believes in Christ Jesus as Savior to the Jew first and also to the Greek.
1 Thessalonians 5:16-18 Rejoice always. Pray continually. Give thanks in all circumstances for
this is God’s will for our lives.
Isaiah 26:3 You will keep in perfect peace those whose minds are steadfast because they trust in
you.
Psalm 91:1-2 He who dwells in the secret place of the Most High shall abide in the shadow of
the Almighty. And I will say of the Lord he is my refuge, my fortress, my God in whom I trust.
Proverbs 3:5-6 Trust in the Lord with all your heart and lean not on your own understanding. In
all your ways acknowledge him and he will make straight your path.
2
Proverbs 30:7-9 Two things I ask of you, Lord, before I do. Give me neither poverty or riches.
For if you give me poverty, I may steal and so dishonor your name. If you give me riches, I may
forget who you are. Just please only give me my daily bread.
Matthew 19:26 With God all things are possible.
Deuteronomy 31:6 Be strong and courageous, do not be afraid or terrified because of them for
the Lord your God goes with you; he will never leave you or forsake you.
Matthes 6:33 Seek the Kingdom of God above everything else and live righteously and He will
give you everything that you need.
Philippians 4:13 I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me.
Jeremiah 29:11 For I know the plans I have for you says the Lord. Plans to prosper you and not
harm you. Plans to give you hope and a future.
3 John 1 I have no greater joy than this than to hear of my children walking in the truth.
Matthew 28:20 Surely I am with you always to the very end of the age.
Psalm 27:1 The Lord is my light and my salvation, whom shall I fear? The Lord is the strength of
my life, of whom shall I be afraid?
Psalm 42:1 As a deer pants for streams of water, so my soul pants for you, my God.
Exodus 14:13-14 Do not be afraid. Stand firm and you will see the deliverance the Lord will
bring you today. The Egyptians you see today you will never see again. The Lord will fight for
you; you need only to be still.
John 14:1 Do not let your hearts be troubled. You believe in God; believe also in me.
Matthew 5:6 Blessed are those who hunger and thirst for righteousness for they shall be filled.
Psalm 23:6 Surely goodness and mercy will follow me all the days of my life and I shall dwell in
the house of the Lord forever.
Isaiah 40:31 But those who hope in the Lord will renew their strength, they will soar on wings
like eagles, they will run and grow be weary. They will walk and not faint.
John 10:27 My sheep know my voice and they follow me.
Daniel 11:32b But the people who know their God shall be strong and carry out great exploits.
2 Corinthians 4:16-18 Therefore we do not lose heart though outwardly we are wasting away, yet
inwardly we are being renewed day by day. For our light and momentary troubles are achieving
for us an eternal glory that far outweighs them all. So we fix our eyes not on what is seen, but
what is unseen since what is seen is temporary and what is unseen is eternal. 
3
John 10:10 I have come that you might have life and life to the full.
Exodus 15:26 I am the Lord who heals you.
Matthew 5:16 Let your light so shine before men that they may see your moral excellence and
your praiseworthy noble and good deeds and recognize and honor and praise and glorify your
father who is in heaven.
Psalm 23:1 The Lord is my shepherd, I shall not want.
Psalm 34:10 Even young lions sometimes go hungry, but those who trust in the Lord will lack no
good thing.
Psalm 139:1-3 O Lord, you have examined my heart and know everything about me. You know
when I sit down or stand up. You know my thoughts even when I’m far away. You see me when I
travel and when rest at home. You know everything I do.
Ezekiel 36:26-27 I will give you a new heart and a new spirit. I will put within you. And I will
remove the heart of stone from your flesh and give you a heart of flesh. And I will put my spirit
within you. And cause you to walk in my statutes and be careful to obey my rules.
Psalm 34:5 Come look at me and be radiant and you will never be ashamed.
Psalm 84:11 For the Lord God is our sun and our shield. He gives us grace and glory. The Lord
will withhold no good thing from those who walk uprightly.
Hebrews 13:6 So we say with confidence, “The Lord is my helper; I will not be afraid. What can
mere mortals do to me?”
Romans 8:28 And we know that all things work together for good to them that love God, to them
who are the called according to his purpose.
Joshua 1:9 Have I not commanded you? Be strong and courageous. Do not be afraid; do not be
discouraged, for the LORD your God will be with you wherever you go.”
Job 8:7 - Though your beginnings were small, your latter end will GREATLY increase
Isaiah 54
James 1:2-4 Consider it pure joy, my brothers and sisters, whenever you face trials of many
kinds, because you know that the testing of your faith produces perseverance. Let perseverance
finish its work so that you may be mature and complete, not lacking anything.
Ephesians 3:20-21 Now to him who is able to do immeasurably more than all we ask or imagine,
according to his power that is at work within us, to him be glory in the church and in Christ Jesus
throughout all generations, for ever and ever! Amen.
4
Exodus 14:14 The Lord will fight for you, you need only be still.
1 Corinthians 7:13-14 If any woman has a husband who is an unbeliever, and he consents to live
with her, she should not divorce him. For the unbelieving husband is made holy because of his
wife, and the unbelieving wife is made holy because of her husband. Otherwise your children
would be unclean, but as it is, they are holy.
Micah 6:8 He has shown you, O mortal, what is good. And what does the LORD require of you?
To act justly and to love mercy and to walk humbly with your God.
Habakkuk 3:17-19 Though the fig tree does not bud and there are no grapes on the vines,
though the olive crop fails and the fields produce no food, though there are no sheep in the pen
and no cattle in the stalls, yet I will rejoice in the Lord, I will be joyful in God my Savior. The
Sovereign Lord is my strength; he makes my feet like the feet of a deer, he enables me to tread
on the heights.
Psalm 91:11 He will command His angels concerning you to keep you in all your ways
Isaiah 43:19 See, I am doing a new thing! Now it springs up; do you not perceive it?
I am making a way in the wilderness and streams in the wasteland.
Psalm 46:10 Be still and know that I am God.
Colossians 1:9-12 For this reason, since the day we heard about you, we have not stopped
praying for you. We continually ask God to fill you with the knowledge of his will through all
the wisdom and understanding that the Spirit gives, so that you may live a life worthy of the
Lord and please him in every way: bearing fruit in every good work, growing in the knowledge
of God, being strengthened with all power according to his glorious might so that you may have
great endurance and patience, and giving joyful thanks to the Father, who has qualified you to
share in the inheritance of his holy people in the kingdom of light.
Proverbs 31:30 Charm is deceptive and beauty is fleeting, but a woman who fears the Lord is to
be praised.
Psalm 139
Revelation 3:20 I stand at the door and knock if you let me in I'll dine with you.
Luke 10:19 Behold, I give you the authority to trample on serpents and scorpions, and over all
the power of the enemy, and nothing shall by any means hurt you.
1 Corinthians 9:20 To the Jews I became like a Jew, to win the Jews. To those under the law I
became like one under the law (though I myself am not under the law), so as to win those under
the law.
5
1 Samuel 16:1 - The LORD said to Samuel, “How long will you grieve over Saul, since I have
rejected him from being king over Israel? Fill your horn with oil, and go. I will send you to Jesse
the Bethlehemite, for I have provided for myself a king among his sons.”
John 15:5: I am the vine and you are the branches. The one who remains in Me, and I in him will
bear much fruit. For apart from Me you can do nothing.
Psalm 27:13 I believe I will see the goodness of the Lord in the land of the living.
Matthew 6:33 Seek first the kingdom of God and His righteousness and all these (other) things
will be added into you.
Philippians 4:6-8 Do not be anxious about anything, but in every situation, by prayer and
petition, with thanksgiving, present your requests to God. And the peace of God, which
transcends all understanding, will guard your hearts and your minds in Christ Jesus. Finally,
brothers and sisters, whatever is true, whatever is noble, whatever is right, whatever is pure,
whatever is lovely, whatever is admirable—if anything is excellent or praiseworthy—think about
such things.
John 16:33 I have said these things to you, that in me you may have peace. In the world you will
have tribulation. But take heart; I have overcome the world.
Genesis 48:15-16 Then he blessed Joseph and said, “May the God before whom my fathers
Abraham and Isaac walked faithfully, the God who has been my shepherd all my life to this day,
the Angel who has delivered me from all harm – may he bless these boys. May they be called by
my name and the names of my fathers Abraham and Isaac, and may they increase greatly on the
earth.”
2 Chronicles 20:17 you shall not need to fight in this battle: set yourselves, stand still and see the
salvation of the Lord with you... Fear not, nor be dismayed... For the Lord will be with you.
1 Peter 5: 8 – 10 Be alert and of sober mind. Your enemy the devil prowls around like a roaring
lion looking for someone to devour. Resist him, standing firm in the faith, because you know
that the family of believers throughout the world is undergoing the same kind of sufferings. And
the God of all grace, who called you to eternal glory in Christ after you have suffered a little
while, will himself restore you and make you strong and firm and steadfast.
John 14:27 Peace I leave with you; my peace I give you. I do not give to you as the world gives.
Do not let your hearts be troubled and do not be afraid.
Isaiah 45:2-3 I will go before you and will level the mountains; I will break down gates of
bronze and cut through bars of iron. I will give you hidden treasures, riches stored in secret
places, so that you may know that I am the Lord, the God of Israel, who summons you by name.
Psalm 119:105 - Thy word is a lamp unto my feet, and a light unto my path.
6
Revelation 4:8 Each of the four living creatures had six wings and was covered with eyes all
around, even under its wings. Day and night they never stop saying: “‘Holy, holy, holy is the
Lord God Almighty,’ who was, and is, and is to come.”
Proverbs 31:8-9 Speak up for those who cannot speak for themselves, for the rights of all who
are destitute. Speak up and judge fairly; defend the rights of the poor and needy.
Isaiah 55:11 so shall my word be that goes out from my mouth; it shall not return to me empty,
but it shall accomplish that which I purpose, and shall succeed in the thing for which I sent it.
Mark 11:23 For assuredly I say to you, whoever says to the mountain, “Be removed and be cast
in the sea” and does not doubt in his heart but believes that all things will be done, he will have
whatever he says.